### US-06 Reservation Status

As a restaurant manager<br/>
I want a reservation to have a status of either booked, seated, or finished<br/>
so that I can see which reservation parties are seated, and finished reservations are hidden from the dashboard.

#### Acceptance Criteria

1. The `/dashboard` page will
   - display the status of the reservation. The default status is "booked"
     - the status text must have a `data-reservation-id-status={reservation.reservation_id}` attribute, so it can be found by the tests.
   - display the Seat button only when the reservation status is "booked".
   - clicking the Seat button changes the status to "seated" and hides the Seat button.
   - clicking the Finish button associated with the table changes the reservation status to "finished" and removes the reservation from the dashboard.
   - to set the status, PUT to `/reservations/:reservation_id/status` with a body of `{data: { status: "<new-status>" } }` where `<new-status>` is one of booked, seated, or finished. Please note that this is only tested in the back-end for now.

> **Hint** You can add a field to a table in a migration `up` method by defining a new column. E.g. `table.string("last_name", null).notNullable();` will create a new last_name column.  Be sure to remove the column in the `down` function using `dropColumn()`. E.g. `table.dropColumn("last_name");`

> **Hint** Use [`Knex.transaction()`](http://knexjs.org/#Transactions) to make sure the `tables` and `reservations` records are always in sync with each other.