### US-04 Seat reservation

As a restaurant manager, <br/>
When a customer with an existing reservation arrives at the restaurant<br/>
I want to seat (assign) their reservation to a specific table<br/>
so that I know which tables are occupied and free.

#### Acceptance Criteria

1. The `/tables/new` page will
   - have the following required and not-nullable fields:
     - Table name: `<input name="table_name" />`, which must be at least 2 characters long.
     - Capacity: `<input name="capacity" />`, this is the number of people that can be seated at the table, which must be at least 1 person.
   - display a `Submit` button that, when clicked, saves the new table then displays the `/dashboard` page
   - display a `Cancel` button that, when clicked, returns the user to the previous page
1. The `/dashboard` page will:

   - display a list of all reservations in one area.
   - each reservation in the list will:
     - Display a "Seat" button on each reservation.
     - The "Seat" button must be a link with an `href` attribute that equals `/reservations/${reservation_id}/seat`, so it can be found by the tests.
   - display a list of all tables, sorted by `table_name`, in another area of the dashboard
     - Each table will display "Free" or "Occupied" depending on whether a reservation is seated at the table.
     - The "Free" or "Occupied" text must have a `data-table-id-status=${table.table_id}` attribute, so it can be found by the tests.

1. The `/reservations/:reservation_id/seat` page will
   - have the following required and not-nullable fields:
     - Table number: `<select name="table_id" />`. The text of each option must be `{table.table_name} - {table.capacity}` so the tests can find the options.
   - do not seat a reservation with more people than the capacity of the table
   - display a `Submit` button that, when clicked, assigns the table to the reservation then displays the `/dashboard` page
   - PUT to `/tables/:table_id/seat/` in order to save the table assignment. The body of the request must be `{ data: { reservation_id: x } }` where X is the reservation_id of the reservation being seated. The tests do not check the body returned by this request.
   - display a `Cancel` button that, when clicked, returns the user to the previous page
1. The `tables` table must be seeded with the following data:
   - `Bar #1` & `Bar #2`, each with a capacity of 1.
   - `#1` & `#2`, each with a capacity of 6.
1. The `/tables` API will have the same validations as above and will return 400, along with an informative error message, when a validation error happens.

- if the table capacity is less than the number of people in the reservation, return 400 with an error message.
- if the table is occupied, return 400 with an error message.

> **Hint** Work through the acceptance criteria in the order listed, step-by-step. A different order may be more challenging.

> **Hint** Seed the `tables` table in a similar way as it's done with the `reservations` table.

> **Hint** Add a `reservation_id` column in the `tables` table. Use the `.references()` and `inTable()` knex functions to add the foreign key reference.