### US-08 Change an existing reservation

As a restaurant manager<br/>
I want to be able to modify a reservation if a customer calls to change or cancel their reservation<br/>
so that reservations are accurate and current.

#### Acceptance Criteria

1. The `/dashboard` and the `/search` page will
   - Display an "Edit" button next to each reservation
     - Clicking the "Edit" button will navigate the user to the `/reservations/:reservation_id/edit` page
   - the "Edit" button must be a link with an `href` attribute that equals `/reservations/${reservation_id}/edit`, so it can be found by the tests.
   - Display a "Cancel" button next to each reservation
   - The Cancel button must have a `data-reservation-id-cancel={reservation.reservation_id}` attribute, so it can be found by the tests.
   - Clicking the "Cancel" button will display the following confirmation: "Do you want to cancel this reservation? This cannot be undone."
     - Clicking "Ok" on the confirmation dialog, sets the reservation status to `cancelled`, and the results on the page are refreshed.
       - set the status of the reservation to `cancelled` using a PUT to `/reservations/:reservation_id/status` with a body of `{data: { status: "cancelled" } }`.
     - Clicking "Cancel" on the confirmation dialog makes no changes.
2. The `/reservations/:reservation_id/edit` page will display the reservation form with the existing reservation data filled in
   - Only reservations with a status of "booked" can be edited.
   - Clicking the "Submit" button will save the reservation, then displays the previous page.
   - Clicking "Cancel" makes no changes, then display the previous page.

> **Hint** The same validation used for create applies to editing a reservation. The form and the API for updating a reservation must not allow the user to violate any of the rules specified when creating a reservation.