### US-02 Create reservation on a future, working date

As a restaurant manager<br/>
I only want to allow reservations to be created on a day when we are open<br/>
so that users do not accidentally create a reservation for days when we are closed.<br/>

#### Acceptance criteria

1. The `/reservations/new` page will display an error message with `className="alert alert-danger"` if any of the following constraints are violated:
   - The reservation date is a Tuesday as the restaurant is closed on Tuesdays.
   - The reservation date is in the past. Only future reservations are allowed.
2. The `/reservations` API will have the same validations as above and will return 400, along with an informative error message, when a validation error happens.

> **Hint** There may be more than one validation error on the page at time.
>
> For example, a reservation in the past on a Tuesday violates both rules, so the page should display two errors within a single `className="alert alert-danger"`
>
> However, the API validation does not need to include multiple validation error messages.
> You can run the validation in any order and report only one validation error at a time, and the tests will pass.
>
> Also, parsing a date in YYYY-MM-DD format using the built-in Date class assumes the date is a UTC date. UTC is a time standard that is the basis for civil time and time zones worldwide, but it is NOT a timezone. As a result, keep an eye out for how your dates are interpreted by the Date class.
>
> While there is nothing preventing you from using a third party library to handle dates for your project, you are encouraged to use the built-in Date class.